.TH "MOJO" "1"
.nh
.ad l
.SH "NAME"
mojo \[em] The Mojo🔥 command line interface.
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
\fBmojo\fR \fIcommand\fR
.br
\fBmojo\fR [\fIrun\-options\fR] \fIpath\fR
.br
\fBmojo\fR [\fIoptions\fR]
.br
\fBmojo\fR
.br
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
The `mojo` CLI provides all the tools you need for Mojo development, such as commands to run, compile, and package Mojo code. A list of all commands are listed below, and you can learn more about each one by adding the `\-\-help` option to the command (for example, `mojo package \-\-help`).

However, you may omit the `run` and `repl` commands. That is, you can run a Mojo file by simply passing the filename to `mojo`:

    mojo hello.mojo

And you can start a REPL session by running `mojo` with no commands.

To update Mojo to the latest version, use the [`modular` tool](https://docs.modular.com/cli/):

    modular update mojo

You can check your current version with `mojo \-\-version`. For information about Mojo updates, see the [Mojo changelog](https://docs.modular.com/mojo/changelog.html).
.SH "COMMANDS"
\fBrun\fR \[em] Builds and executes a Mojo file.
.br
\fBbuild\fR \[em] Builds an executable from a Mojo file.
.br
\fBrepl\fR \[em] Launches the Mojo REPL.
.br
\fBdebug\fR \[em] Launches the LLDB debugger with support for debugging Mojo programs.
.br
\fBpackage\fR \[em] Compiles a Mojo package.
.br
\fBformat\fR \[em] Formats Mojo source files.
.br
\fBdoc\fR \[em] Compiles docstrings from a Mojo file.
.br
\fBdemangle\fR \[em] Demangles the given name.
.br
.SH "OPTIONS"
.SS "Diagnostic options"
.sp
\fB\-\-version\fR, \fB\-v\fR
.RS 4
Prints the Mojo version and exits.
.RE
.sp
.SS "Common options"
.sp
\fB\-\-help\fR, \fB\-h\fR
.RS 4
Displays help information.
.RE
.sp
